Add email about jan virtual tech day (#95)
srobo/team-emails: SR2022/2021-12-10-january-virtual-tech-day.md

---
to: Student Robotics 2022 teams
subject: January Virtual tech day
---

Hello,

> We will be hosting a [virtual tech day on the 22nd January][event-link] in our [Discord](https://studentrobotics.org/docs/team_admin/discord) server.

Reviewer: Probably best to mention early-on that we're doing it differently to the last tech day

Tech Days are opportunities for teams to spend a whole day working on their
robot with lots of help available. They’re also an opportunity to see how other
teams are doing or get more direct help with your robots.

The aim of this day is to help you out by having guaranteed presence from us blueshirts. We'll be around to answer questions about the competition, give kit support, and assist with your strategy ideas.

We see a strong correlation between teams to attend Tech Days and performance in the competition.

> A voice channel will be created shortly before the event starts, where you and your competitors can join and chat with us. This is where the group parts of the tech day will take place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A voice channel will be created shortly before the event starts, where you and your competitors can join and chat with us. We have a few group activities planned which will take place here.
```
